README.md, before:

# Hive
Hive - new way of communication. Beta-test link: https://play.google.com/apps/testing/com.gpetuhov.android.hive

## Platform
Android

## Requirements
* Android Studio 3.6 Canary 1
* Kotlin 1.3.40-eap-32
* Android Gradle Plugin 3.6.0-alpha01
* Gradle wrapper 5.4.1
* AAPT 2

## Architecture
* Clean architecture with Domain, Presentation and UI layers
* MVP and MVVM for the Presentation layer:
    * MVP (Moxy library) for screen rotations
    * MVVM (Google ViewModel) for updating views on data changes
* Firebase Firestore for storing and sharing data
* Firebase Cloud Storage for storing media
* Firebase Cloud Functions (code in HiveCloud repo) for backend data handling
* Data Binding (in some views)
* Jetpack Navigation
* AndroidX
* AirBnb Epoxy for complex screens (with carousels)
* Dependency injection with Dagger 2

## Credits
TextMaster, OfferProvider, GoodProvider, ReviewedProvider and Hivecore award icons made by [Vectors Market](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/vectors-market) from [www.flaticon.com](https://www.flaticon.com/)

Altruist, SuperProvider, StoryTeller, MegaCritic, OfferFinder and Oflumbus award icons made by [Freepik](https://www.freepik.com/) from [www.flaticon.com](https://www.flaticon.com/)

Newbie award icon made by [Pixel perfect](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/pixel-perfect) from [www.flaticon.com](https://www.flaticon.com/)

ReviewPoster award icon made by [Roundicons](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/roundicons) from [www.flaticon.com](https://www.flaticon.com/)

TextMaster, Altruist, GoodProvider and OfferFinder award animations made by [Hyebin Park](https://lottiefiles.com/smoothy.co) from [LottieFiles](https://lottiefiles.com/)

OfferProvider award animation made by [Jan Semler](https://lottiefiles.com/user/141) from [LottieFiles](https://lottiefiles.com/)

SuperProvider award animation made by [Lucas Nemo](https://lottiefiles.com/LucasNemo) from [LottieFiles](https://lottiefiles.com/)

Newbie award animation made by [Design](https://lottiefiles.com/designSquadRunner) from [LottieFiles](https://lottiefiles.com/)

HiveCore award animation made by [Mikhail Golub](https://lottiefiles.com/mihail) from [LottieFiles](https://lottiefiles.com/)

ReviewPoster award animation made by [Addy Martinez](https://lottiefiles.com/addymartinez) from [LottieFiles](https://lottiefiles.com/)

StoryTeller award animation made by [Victor Winnhed](https://lottiefiles.com/victorw) from [LottieFiles](https://lottiefiles.com/)

MegaCritic award animation made by [Anthony Tonev](https://lottiefiles.com/Spinne) from [LottieFiles](https://lottiefiles.com/)

Oflumbus award animation made by [Alex Bradt](https://lottiefiles.com/Alexbradt.com) from [LottieFiles](https://lottiefiles.com/)

Congratulation Animation made by [Jojo Lafrite](https://lottiefiles.com/jojolafrite) from [LottieFiles](https://lottiefiles.com/)

Gears Animation and ReviewedProvider award made by [LottieFiles](https://lottiefiles.com/lottiefiles) from [LottieFiles](https://lottiefiles.com/)

Commit message:

Add FavoriteProvider icon, animation and text

README.md, after:

# Hive
Hive - new way of communication. Beta-test link: https://play.google.com/apps/testing/com.gpetuhov.android.hive

## Platform
Android

## Requirements
* Android Studio 3.6 Canary 1
* Kotlin 1.3.40-eap-32
* Android Gradle Plugin 3.6.0-alpha01
* Gradle wrapper 5.4.1
* AAPT 2

## Architecture
* Clean architecture with Domain, Presentation and UI layers
* MVP and MVVM for the Presentation layer:
    * MVP (Moxy library) for screen rotations
    * MVVM (Google ViewModel) for updating views on data changes
* Firebase Firestore for storing and sharing data
* Firebase Cloud Storage for storing media
* Firebase Cloud Functions (code in HiveCloud repo) for backend data handling
* Data Binding (in some views)
* Jetpack Navigation
* AndroidX
* AirBnb Epoxy for complex screens (with carousels)
* Dependency injection with Dagger 2

## Credits
TextMaster, OfferProvider, GoodProvider, ReviewedProvider and Hivecore award icons made by [Vectors Market](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/vectors-market) from [www.flaticon.com](https://www.flaticon.com/)

Altruist, SuperProvider, StoryTeller, MegaCritic, OfferFinder and Oflumbus award icons made by [Freepik](https://www.freepik.com/) from [www.flaticon.com](https://www.flaticon.com/)

Newbie award icon made by [Pixel perfect](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/pixel-perfect) from [www.flaticon.com](https://www.flaticon.com/)

ReviewPoster award icon made by [Roundicons](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/roundicons) from [www.flaticon.com](https://www.flaticon.com/)

FavoriteProvider award icon made by [Smashicons](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/smashicons) from [www.flaticon.com](https://www.flaticon.com/)

TextMaster, Altruist, GoodProvider and OfferFinder award animations made by [Hyebin Park](https://lottiefiles.com/smoothy.co) from [LottieFiles](https://lottiefiles.com/)

OfferProvider award animation made by [Jan Semler](https://lottiefiles.com/user/141) from [LottieFiles](https://lottiefiles.com/)

SuperProvider award animation made by [Lucas Nemo](https://lottiefiles.com/LucasNemo) from [LottieFiles](https://lottiefiles.com/)

Newbie award animation made by [Design](https://lottiefiles.com/designSquadRunner) from [LottieFiles](https://lottiefiles.com/)

HiveCore award animation made by [Mikhail Golub](https://lottiefiles.com/mihail) from [LottieFiles](https://lottiefiles.com/)

ReviewPoster award animation made by [Addy Martinez](https://lottiefiles.com/addymartinez) from [LottieFiles](https://lottiefiles.com/)

StoryTeller award animation made by [Victor Winnhed](https://lottiefiles.com/victorw) from [LottieFiles](https://lottiefiles.com/)

MegaCritic award animation made by [Anthony Tonev](https://lottiefiles.com/Spinne) from [LottieFiles](https://lottiefiles.com/)

Oflumbus award animation made by [Alex Bradt](https://lottiefiles.com/Alexbradt.com) from [LottieFiles](https://lottiefiles.com/)

FavoriteProvider award animation made by [Rachmat AG](https://lottiefiles.com/user/57803) from [LottieFiles](https://lottiefiles.com/)

Congratulation Animation made by [Jojo Lafrite](https://lottiefiles.com/jojolafrite) from [LottieFiles](https://lottiefiles.com/)

Gears Animation and ReviewedProvider award made by [LottieFiles](https://lottiefiles.com/lottiefiles) from [LottieFiles](https://lottiefiles.com/)
